Hey, Mr. Tokuyama, it'seh script that we used for the fish.
Don't say anything nonsense.
Don't say it like that, you idiot boy!
Next to the alcohol...
Everyone, come together, I say!
To this side, to this side.
Drink, drink, scram!
Who wants to join us?
They said they wanted to join.
I want to join!
Because I don't want to mug them and imp usually.
I don't want to, because we don't have to.
But please, many people at one side are joining!
If you drink it while I do it agin,
Everyone was depressed with no분
to SE Warning
I did not want you
Whatever
Then suddenly
we were called
There was only ten
wooden leaves
which twelve brought
to the house
Hey
Where did you put it?
You
I have to leave it
See
I said, I'll bring it.
What?
You have to shut up.
It's confusing.
What do you mean?
I said, I'll bring 10 books.
Who?
Yosu-san.
I said, I'll bring 10 books.
He said, I'll bring 10 books.
Who?
Yosu-san.
I said, I'll bring 10 books.
Take a look.
A car is there.
The finance manager asked if he had dropped out from the bridge,
and that there was a driver waiting at his right.
There was a car on the right.
There was a car on the left.
There was a plane on the right.
What did you say?
You don't know what a plane is.
They were all standing in the middle of the road.
They were standing.
What do you mean?
Who was it?
Who?
My house?
No one says.
No one says?